SOURCE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Agave/@33.4238647,-111.951636,15z/data=!4m13!1m3!2m2!1sapartments!6e1!3m8!1s0x872b08eb6732faef:0x26e6ef9f7007b599!8m2!3d33.409112!4d-111.9241147!9m1!1b1!15sCgphcGFydG1lbnRzWgwiCmFwYXJ0bWVudHOSARJhcGFydG1lbnRfYnVpbGRpbmeaASNDaFpEU1VoTk1HOW5TMFZKUTBGblNVUjFORXBFVmxSQkVBReABAPoBBAgxEEQ!16s%2Fg%2F1ptyfct6t?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDYwMy4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D

David C.
I moved here about two and a half months ago after reading the reviews, and everything I saw turned out to be accurate. I set an appointment and was contacted immediately, which really impressed me. Their communication and resourcefulness … More
Hi David, thank you for your feedback. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we are thrilled to hear you are experiencing that with us at Agave Apartments. Please do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions or need any assistance. Have a great day!
Ryan
Bad management, old building and cockroaches.
These apartments are decent but so poorly managed that they are not worth … More
Hi Ryan,
We’re truly sorry to hear about the challenges you’ve experienced in your apartment. We understand how frustrating ongoing maintenance and comfort issues can … More
Tyler Lawrence
Amy was our leasing officer and helped us out so much during the leasing process!! It was our first time moving out and she was a really big help, we’re now 3 months into our lease and it’s going great! … More
Hi Tyler, thank you for your feedback. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we are thrilled to hear you are experiencing that with us at Agave Apartments. Please do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions or need any assistance. Have a great day!
Chauntel Benally
I just want to say thank you to everyone who helped us so much throughout this entire process of getting into our new place. Everything went smoothly, and the communication was fast and responsive from start to finish. … More
Hi Chauntel,
Thank you for your feedback. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we are thrilled to hear that you are experiencing that here with us at Agave. Please … More
Nisha Ravuri
I moved into my one bedroom apartment last week. I’m very impressed, walking distance to asu, very spacious. Special thank you to Ms crystal because she was very informative and helped me through out the application process!she made the move in process very smooth for me.
Hi Nisha,
Thank you for your kind review and taking the time to highlight our community; we are happy to pass along your comments to the team here at Agave Apartments! If … More
Ruthwik Reddy Sunketa
My 2b2b apartment at Agave is awesome! Shoutout to Cristal Nunez, the Leasing Consultant, for being super helpful. The place was renovated, cleaned, and made ready for me so well. it's like moving into a brand new spot. Excited to settle in here!
Hi Ruthwik,
Thank you for your kind review about your recent experience at our community; we are happy to pass along your comments to the team here at Agave Apartments! If … More
Arisandy J
Overall, I am comfortable of living here. We do have some issues sometimes but it is normal. They listen and fix the issues. I hope the services will always be upgraded for our comfort and satisfaction. Keep listening to your renters. For … More
Hi Arisandy,
We truly appreciate the feedback you've left about your recent experience with us here at Agave. We appreciate the kind words about our team here that you left … More
Nancy Lopez
RUN AWAY. Do NOT live here.
Since moving in 3 months ago, the sink drain/kitchen disposal has not been … More
Hi Nancy,
Thank you for sharing your feedback. We’re sorry to hear about your experience and the maintenance issues you’ve encountered. This isn’t the experience we want … More
ARPITA MISHRA
The place is really great with the people always there to help so we have been on a journey from selecting the place till the required paperwork the leasing lady Amy has been through out the journey together always answering to all the … More
Hi Arpita,
Thank you for sharing your experience. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we’re so thrilled to hear that you’re experiencing that here at Agave. Please don’t hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or need assistance. Have a great day!
Ankush Kumar Mandal
I have been living here since the past year and the experience has been really great. Form inquiring about the apartment to getting new lease, the process was very smooth because of their good management and amiable staff. I can always grab … More
Hello Ankush, we appreciate you taking the time to leave us this feedback.  If you ever need anything else from us, please feel free to give us a call or stop by. Have an awesome day!
Sakshi Mathur
Cristal will sweet talk you through anything and will end up not answering even 1 of your call, cancel your application, lie about price options. I didn't mean to leave a bad review but sharing my experience working with her. Customer … More
Hi Sakshi, Thank you for sharing your experience. We regret to hear about the challenges you’ve faced, particularly with communication and the AC issues in your apartment. We understand how uncomfortable and frustrating this situation must … More
Blessings Zivengwa
Amy was amazing to work with! She made the entire leasing process smooth and stress-free. Always quick to respond, very professional, and truly caring. She went above and beyond to ensure everything was handled perfectly. Highly recommend her if you're looking for a helpful and reliable leasing agent!
Thank you for sharing your experience. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we’re so thrilled to hear that you’re experiencing that here at Agave. Please don’t hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or need assistance. Have a great day!
Barbara Monteros
I GET MY KEY ON MONDAY!! Let me tell you something, I looked and looked for a 2 bedroom . Reading reviews. Where will be my new comfy place. I got the call from Agave apartments. I came in to tour. Cristal who is the leasing agent helped … More
Hi Barbara,
Thank you for your feedback. Our team strives to go above and beyond for all of our residents, and we are thrilled to hear that you are experiencing that here … More
Esther Kragen
We had some issues when we first moved in but Jonathan the maintenance manager helped us out right away.  I was very impressed with his knowledge base and how quickly he was able to get it taken care of.
Hi Esther, thank you for your feedback. Our team strives to go above and beyond, and we are thrilled to hear you are experiencing that with us at Agave Apartments. Please do not hesitate to reach out should you have any questions or need any assistance. Have a great day!
Minde Xie
| lived here for a year, I paid 1200 dollars deposit before I moved in, they took all my deposit, and that was still not enough. They required me to pay additional 120 dollars. … More
Hi Minde,
Thank you for sharing your feedback. We understand that move-out processes can be stressful, and we’re sorry that your experience was frustrating. Our team … More