SOURCE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Piedmont/@33.4238647,-111.951636,15z/data=!4m13!1m3!2m2!1sapartments!6e1!3m8!1s0x872b09e52592b433:0x3cd95111de41dfa5!8m2!3d33.4242746!4d-111.9281299!9m1!1b1!15sCgphcGFydG1lbnRzWgwiCmFwYXJ0bWVudHOSARFhcGFydG1lbnRfY29tcGxleJoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuVFVOM2F6bDZlWFYzUlJBQuABAPoBBAglEEw!16s%2Fg%2F11n1s3_mp3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDYwMy4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D

Pramod Nair
I’ve had a wonderful experience living here. The apartment itself is spacious, well-designed, and always kept very clean and well-maintained. The locality is excellent—quiet, convenient, and safe, with everything I need close by. The … More
Hi Pramod, thank you for sharing your experience at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor! We’re so glad to hear you’ve enjoyed the spacious apartments, convenient location, and attentive service from our team. Your kind words mean a lot, and we truly appreciate your recommendation!
Charissa Mccarron
Our tour of the Piedmont Apartments in Tempe was exceptional! First of all the property is spectacular! Everything is beautifully upgraded and laid out. Our tour was led by Morgan Helmeczi, who was one of the most articulate and … More
Thank you for sharing your experience, Charissa! We appreciate you highlighting Morgan, and are proud she has delivered exceptional service to you. This brings a huge smile to our face to know we have provided you with a wonderful experience at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor.
Bradford Kahla
Chelsea, and the front desk girls are the best part of my day. Will welcome you and light up your day every time. They are a huge reason I love this place!!!!
Bradford, we’re so glad to hear that about your experience at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor! A welcoming atmosphere truly makes a difference, and it’s wonderful to know your days start on such a positive note. We appreciate you sharing the love!
Ricky Olguin
I’ve been living here at the Piedmont for almost 4 years! It’s been fantastic and if I ever have any maintenance issues, maintenance is pretty quick to respond! Also loving the resident events they have been doing lately! Shout out to the entire staff for always being so amazing and friendly! Also l
Hi Ricky, thank you so much for the awesome shoutout and for being a valued part of The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor for nearly four years! We're thrilled to hear that you've had a fantastic experience, from the quick and reliable maintenance … More
Ben Burdick
This place is AMAZIING! best apartments in tempe hands down the luxury amenitys and attenetion to detail from the staff is top noch!
The leasing team Chelsea and Maile at the front desk are the best so friendly … More
Hi Ben, thank you for your wonderful review of The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor! We’re thrilled to hear that Chelsea, Maile, and Kailey made such a great impression and that you’re enjoying the luxury amenities and attention to detail throughout the community. Your kind words mean so much!
Beatrix Cobb
I can’t wait to get out of this apartment. They claim to be luxury, but all they care about is appearances in the lobby and common areas. I had severe mold in my shower, and when they finally fixed it, they painted the new wall the wrong … More
Beatrix, we apologize that you recently did not have a top-rated experience. Your comfort and satisfaction are of the utmost importance to us. … More
Hetvi Patel
I have been living in Piedmont for more than a year now and I can say I just love the community. The staff is really helpful and the amenities are just too good. The most important thing I like about the apartment is its proximity to the ASU Tempe campus.
Hetvi, thank you for sharing your experience at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor! We’re delighted to hear you love the community, enjoy the amenities, and appreciate the convenient proximity to the ASU Tempe campus.
K M
He is the best. Brandon replaced my hot water heater with a new one. Very professional, fast, and helpful. Very comfy place with good service
Hi K M, thank you for sharing your experience at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor. We’re glad to hear Brandon provided professional, fast, and helpful service with your hot water heater replacement, and it’s great to know you’re enjoying the comfortable community and quality service.
Carlos Eduardo Moncada
I really like living here! The location is amazing, close to plenty of restaurants, shops, and other places within walking distance. The amenities are great too. But what truly makes this place special is the team.they’re always attentive, friendly, and make sure everything runs smoothly.
It’s fantastic to hear how much you’re enjoying The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor, Carlos! We’re so glad the convenient location, great amenities, and attentive team have all helped make your living experience such a positive one. Your kind words mean a lot to us!
Edozie Bloomy N
If I could give zero stars, I would.
My biggest issue with this apartment is the absolutely disgusting sewage-like … More
Edozie, the quality of your resident experience at The Piedmont is of the utmost importance to us. We sincerely apologize for your disagreeable interaction; please know that we remain committed to offering our signature 5-star customer … More
Prachi Patel
Piedmont is a great community conveniently located near the ASU campus. The leasing staff is very helpful and responsive. Amenities are also well-maintained.
It’s wonderful to hear your positive feedback, Prachi! We’re glad you’re enjoying the convenient location, responsive team, and well-maintained amenities at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor. Your kind words mean a lot to us!
Karnika Sojitra
I have had wonderful experience while staying here!
The neighbourhood is quite lively yet peaceful and best for ASU students to live in!
Thank you.
We’re thrilled to hear you’ve had such a great experience, Karnika! It’s great to know you’re enjoying the vibrant yet peaceful atmosphere at The Piedmont by Mark-Taylor.
吃吃DON
I used to love living here but the road closures during football games are genuinely ridiculous. We took 2 hours to get back to The Piedmont because of the road closures on 11/28. Do not live here
Dawn, thank you for sharing your concerns. We understand how frustrating road closures can be; however, these traffic controls are managed by local agencies and not by The Piedmont. If you have any questions or need support, our solutions-oriented team is available at (623) 304-7384. Thank you for your valued residency.
Austin Saucedo
This is the best living in Tempe Melisa the manager is amazing and everyone on staff including Bridget, Emily, And Tia are very helpful and make living here amazing. It is brand new and is always clean. 10/10 would recommend for anyone looking for clean and enjoyable space to live.
Thank you for the review, Austin. It's a privelege serving you in our community! Our mission is to create a memorable living experience for our residents, and we are thrilled you are enjoying your time with us. Thank you for recognizing … More
Tobechukwu Ndulue
I moved into The Piedmont in September 2024 and have had nothing but problems since. The most severe issue is a horrendous sewage-like smell that comes from the drains whenever we use the shower or sink. On top of that, there’s a frequent … More
Hello, we greatly appreciate you taking the time to share your personal experience with us and have noted your feedback. We would like to apologize that you have not been completely satisfied; our commitment is to make exceptional living a … More