SOURCE: https://www.reddit.com/r/ASU/comments/1d6osqa/cheap_apartments_near_asu_tempe_recommendations/

Cheap Apartments near ASU Tempe recommendations?
I am an incoming sophomore at ASU and I don't think I can live with my parents anymore so this is my first time renting. I tried looking for a parking permit for Tempe and the transportation portal doesn't have permits for incoming Fall 2024 anymore so I was just going to bike to my classes. I was looking into getting an apartment with a friend. My absolute budget ceiling is 1000 but I was looking ideally at 700-900 or around that price point. My current prospects right now are University Pointe and University Valley. I know everyone always says the infamous "Clean. Cheap. Near. Choose 2." It's going to be cheap and near for me. Any recommendations? Share experiences please so I know what to go for and stay away from.
OpenAI
Hit a Claude limit mid-build? Move your code to Codex and pick up where you left off.
Sign Up
Coolman38321
Well alight has some good prices around 700-800 for a three bedroom bathroom apartment. Granted you are going to have to share the apartment with two other people
MrUnderdawg
Lived there when it was Blvd 1900 a few years back right as Covid hit - it's a decent place. Talked to my roommates maybe 5 times in the year I lived there lol
Coolman38321
I actually made friend myself there lol but it is nice having a room and bathroom to myself lol
[deleted]
No such thing near campus might be able to find 1k
rysmorgan
Alight will definitely do just fine if you need it to. Prolly with roommates tho. A group of my friends have a 4 bed 4 bath there rn for 840 utilities included. It prolly went up for this coming year but still one of the more reasonable ones. If you can grab a UPass the train from McClintock and Apache to asu is hella convenient.
I hear university valley is decent. I live just across the street basically and it’s a good area. My place is overpriced as all hell.
Raice19
I was looking there it was 945 /month at the cheapest this year
BananaFederal4455
Askix
Alight Tempe or Yugo
TheLazySlack
Off-topic but note that parking permits for 2024-2025 year won't go on sale until July 16th so be on a lookout for this
[deleted]
Check out Metro 101 or Yugo
monilp_03
university valley is shit
Motor_Fox_9451
they have a whole river inside tho
soupster___
What’s bad about it? I have an agreement there. I’m used to lesser living conditions
Julio800m
Look at Grandes Cortez, they are about a 10 minute bike ride. I'm not sure how much they are now but get some roommates and you'll be ok.
Get the ultimate college PC deal. Limited-time offer for students.
Learn More
Clickable image which will reveal the video player: Get the ultimate college PC deal. Limited-time offer for students.
Collapse video player
0:00 / 0:00
jaehyok1004
Im a recent grad (M) with a bedroom opening up in late july for ~850/month including utilities and internet. Dm if u want details
BrooMagic69
Responsible-Sink5536
Definitely not the cheapest but I live at the Carmin and can refer you for a discount. You can definitely stay in budget if you get a layout with roommates. Just thought I’d throw this option in here, dm me if curious
FinancialApricot4802
There is no living at the carmin for 1000 or less
Responsible-Sink5536
You can depending on the time of year, unit and roommates. My friends are there for 900. But alight is a cheaper option that I’ve heard decent reviews of if you’re looking for a different spot
Persistent_anxiety
Would you mind if I dm you info?
FalynRayn
If you missed the parking renewals for current commuter students for Fall 2024, you still have the opportunity in July to purchase parking permits. They go on sale mid July for commuters.
[deleted]
currently in the same sitch lol, it’s been hard to find anything in a 2 mile radius around campus that fits that budget. But 2 and 3 bedrooms are usually a plenty there
Think_Anteater_6077
soL is more or less 2 miles away from campus and they even have an hourly free shuttle to take you to campus and back. i’ve been trying to relet my lease for next year (aug-july) and if you’re interested, pm me !! you would pay a total of $1048/ month in a 4x4 unit, that’s including the utility cost and whatever monthly
Caci-que
For that price range, and near Tempe, you might have to accept not so clean. Have you thought about living near the west campus or poly and taking the shuttle to Tempe?
hxneybeexxx
hi! I do have a room available at my townhouse rn! rent is $750 w all utilities included besides wifi (typically $20). it's about a 10 minute drive to the tempe campus
revvoredo
hi is this still avail? I'd love to know more !!
TheCaldo23
I don’t know if it still exists but I paid $1000 for a two bedroom 1 bath at this address. Forgot the name, but it included utilities and everything. Only thing that sucked was around March/April when it starts getting hot it’s still considered “winter” so you can’t turn on the AC, only the heater works.
1025 E Orange St., Tempe, AZ 85281
CrimsonDaredevil
Alight or paseo on University are cheap options.
Captain-Jicama
Tempe commuter parking passes will go back on sale on July 16th too. July 9th if you’re a Tempe resident.
ColoringBookDog
I use to live at 505 West on Baseline Road. Back then it was Sun river apartments, but it was pretty nice even back then.
[deleted]
I will be staying in Volta on Broadway 2bedroom 2 bath flat
Long-Temperature6032
I live in desert willow apartments in Tempe on Don Carlos avenue and pay 814 a month for one bedroom apartment but I think I have subsidized income based pricing
Next_Investigator_43
Hi, I am looking for someone to take over my lease at Park Place Tempe. The room is a 3 bedroom apartment. Send a chat to let me know if you are interested.
Next_Investigator_43
Hey guys!
I’m currently looking for a sublet to take over my lease at Park Place. My friends will currently be taking 2 of the rooms so I’m just looking for one more to join them.
It’s from 07/26/2024 -07/21/2025
Fully furnished room has private bathroom, walk-in closet, full-size bed, desk, chair, 2 sets of drawers and nightstand. Kitchen with island and 4 barstools and family room with couch, chair and TV and in-unit full-size laundry are shared by the 3 tenants. Rent includes all utilities, except electricity which is split 3 way automatically. There is a small tax fee of about $17/mo.
Check out the website, this is an awesome complex with lots of amenities. https://www.parkplacetempe.com/
Please private message if you are interested in the apartment.
lukissed
The mormon church across from the bookstore offered $15/semester parking permit passes at their garage. In exchange you take a class with them for the semester. I wasn’t religious and they were super kind and helped me through it. As long as you attended 70% of the time they’d let you keep it, then it’s $5/semester after the first one.
LawnMowerMassacre
There’s a couple of overpasses by the 101 that are pretty alright
Spider-Nutz