SOURCE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Skye+at+McClintock+Station/@33.4140004,-111.9415293,14z/data=!4m10!1m2!2m1!1sSkyline+on+Apache!3m6!1s0x872b08f5ba75cc33:0x6fd0749a23aec160!8m2!3d33.4140004!4d-111.9065104!15sChFTa3lsaW5lIG9uIEFwYWNoZVoTIhFza3lsaW5lIG9uIGFwYWNoZZIBEWFwYXJ0bWVudF9jb21wbGV4mgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU5DZFU0dFNUUm5SUkFC4AEA-gEECAAQLw!16s%2Fg%2F11g8nwk48d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDYwMy4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D

Fourton Miles
I lived at Skye at McClintock Station  for nearly a year, and my experience was consistently frustrating due to mismanagement, maintenance issues, and unsanitary conditions. When I applied, I was verbally promised a specific unit layout, … More
We're sorry to hear about your experience. We take these concerns seriously and are committed to addressing the issues you've mentioned. Please contact our office directly so we can work towards a resolution.
Sumanth Srivatsav
I’ve lived here for almost 2 years and this place actually felt like home. Never had any complaints about the property, safety and the service that was offered during my stay was amazing. … More
Thank you for the rave review and special staff shout-out, Sumanth Srivatsav! We will be sure to pass along your kind words to our team. We couldn't be happier that you decided to call Skye at McClintock Station home! Our staff is always … More
Autumn Barrett
This review reflects my personal experience as a current resident. I did attempt to resolve these issues with the property manager Vanessa, but received no … More
Hi Autumn, thank you for your feedback. We understand how frustrating it can be when concerns related to billing, maintenance, communication, and community … More
Sahil Garg
I recently moved in here and Davarion made the process a breeze. He was very supportive and communicative throughout the process and made sure all my needs were taken care of. The property and the apartment itself are good. The alleys could be a little cleaner but overall I am enjoying my stay here until this point.
Your kind words mean a lot to us! We’re glad to know you’re happy in our community. If you ever have any questions or need help, we’re just a call away. -Your team at Skye at McClintock Station
Anushka Singh
There are several hidden charges that were not clearly disclosed at the time of lease signing, which felt unexpected and lacked transparency. … More
We're sorry to hear about your experience, Anushka, and appreciate your feedback. We are committed to improving transparency and ensuring all residents feel welcomed and respected. Please contact our office directly so we can address your … More
Exm
My experience here at Skye apartments has been great so far! Darci in the office has been very kind  and helpful with any questions or concerns I have. I love my home!
We’re so glad you’re happy with your home in our community! Thanks for the amazing review, and feel free to reach out if you need anything from our team at Skye at McClintock Station!
J L
DO NOT STAY AT THIS APARTMENT BUILDING!!! My experience at this apartment complex has been terrible. From flooding to coming back to sewage backup coming out of my sink, neither the maintenance team or the leasing office hasn’t been of much … More
0:120:05
Hello Joshua Li, we want to understand your disappointment. It’s important to us that our customers are more than satisfied and we would like the opportunity to resolve this issue immediately. If you give us a chance, our intent is focused … More
N B
I’m really frustrated with how dirty this place is. The hallways are always dirty and sticky. Lots of dead roaches in the hallway and sometimes pets poo and they can stay there for weeks. They clean up probably once a month. Also very … More
Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We want to assure you that cleanliness and security are very important to us. Our professional cleaning vendor services the hallways on a weekly basis, and our team frequently checks the … More
mason dzon
Maybe this will force them to hire more leasing agents. They never answer the phone and I call several times throughout the day on several occasions. Don’t bother leaving a voicemail they don’t check them. Don’t waste your time with the leasing office.
We’re sorry that your experience didn’t meet expectations. We truly value your feedback and would like to discuss how we can improve. Please feel free to reach out so we can work together to resolve the issue.
Being authentic
I just moved into Skye at McClintock Station, and I want to highlight how helpful Baylee was during the whole process. She was always supportive, patient, and responsive, which really made my move-in smoother. She went the extra mile to … More
We’re so happy to hear you’re enjoying your home in our community! Thank you for the 5-star review. We’re here for anything you need!
Sydney
Update: instead of taking ownership for a company funded service, Skye personally called my spouse and said they reported our reviews because they’re “targeting the office staff”. Today we saw a maintenance worker also illegally using the … More
Hello Sydney, It appears your frustrations are being misdirected as the onsite team at Skye is only in the office until 6pm and do not have control as to what others do after. They do however take your concerns seriously and I can verify … More
Nick Wong
Vanessa and Leala are very nice people to work with. Angelica, on the other hand, should be avoided at all costs.
Thank you for the rave review and special staff shout-out, Nick Wong! We will be sure to pass along your kind words to our team. We couldn't be happier that you decided to call Skye at McClintock Station home! Our staff is always happy to … More
Chance Matsakoun
I lived here for a year, 2023-2024.
Pros: … More
Thank you for sharing your experience, Chance. We're glad to hear you found our leasing office easy to deal with, but we're sorry to learn about the issues you faced. Please reach out to us directly so we can address these concerns and improve your experience.
Destinee Navarrette
Leasing agent seemed like she hated her job, she wasn’t friendly at all. Because of her attitude I would avoid this place. Customer service isn’t her strongest suit. Hallways and elevators are so dirty also.
Destinee, we are so sorry to hear that you have not received the customer service that everyone deserves here at our community. This is very uncharacteristic of our staff. We want all of our residents to feel comfortable and at home, while … More
Qi Qi
I got all the following welcome home package as I moved in. Really happy, especially all these black gunk in my washing machine. Was told all these are just 'normal wear'. Guess it is some really well aging washing machine I got here. Btw, all these water scale on the faucet are added for your bones
Hello,
We deeply apologize for your experience. It seems like you are disappointed, and we would … More