SOURCE: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Skywater+at+Tempe+Town+Lake/@33.4238647,-111.951636,15z/data=!4m13!1m3!2m2!1sapartments!6e1!3m8!1s0x872b092c1a9ba5f1:0x7f85d6668a56aeda!8m2!3d33.4303458!4d-111.9482323!9m1!1b1!15sCgphcGFydG1lbnRzWgwiCmFwYXJ0bWVudHOSARFhcGFydG1lbnRfY29tcGxleJoBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSRU1FdG1aMEpSRUFF4AEA-gEECCQQRA!16s%2Fg%2F11b5wphf8r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDYwMy4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D

Tanya James
I have been meaning to leave this review for a while….
I have been living here about 2 years maybe going on 3–but I love it. My … More
Hi Tanya,
Thank you for your wonderful review! I am thrilled to hear about your positive … More
Eric Jones
I've lived here for 2 years now, and it's been an extremely positive experience. It's a nice building in a nice part of town, so you're getting what you'd hope for in that regard. … More
Hi Eric,
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're thrilled to hear about your positive … More
Sofia P
I’ve lived here for over three months now. It is a great place to live. I really like the management onsite. I want to give a huge shout out to the maintenance team, especially Blake, Jorge, and Jimmy. Blake and Jorge have helped us so much … More
0:16+22
Hi Sofia,
Thank you for your very detailed review and for sharing your experience with us! … More
Andrew LeSage
All community events are five stars from us! Been here since September. There are always games and giveaways hosted by the front office staff. Our golden retriever recently won “Pet of the Month” and received an awesome gift basket with his … More
Hi Andrew,
Thank you for the fantastic review! We're thrilled to hear that you enjoy the … More
Ronetta Henry
The property itself is clean and generally peaceful. However, it’s important for prospective tenants to know their landlord tenant rights. Without that knowledge, you may be subject to overcharging. The leasing staff appears to be young and … More
Hi Ronetta,
Thank you for your feedback. We're glad to hear you find the property clean and … More
kayla hillery
The leasing staff is wonderful & the maintenance team is AWESOME & fast! They get things done immediately! I just wish the garage door would actually work so our cars are safe. It’s been broken for over a year. But overall yall do an amazing job here! Good job leasing team & maintenance!
Hi Kayla,
Thank you for your feedback! We're pleased to hear that you appreciate our … More
Nathan Chase
I relocated from California back to Arizona and wasn’t able to view the property beforehand and was super nervous about this move , but Hailey and Rachael made it so easy! … More
Hi Nathan,
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're thrilled to hear that Hailey and … More
Joel Kanaka
After nearly a year at Skywater at Tempe Town Lake, I can confidently recommend it for its peaceful atmosphere and vibrant community spirit. The maintenance services have been consistently prompt and reliable, ensuring the property remains … More
Hi Joel,
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're so glad to hear that you've enjoyed … More
Danielle Gragg
I moved in a month ago and it’s been a great experience. The whole staff is so helpful and kind, which is hard to find! They are on top of things, and maintenance has been so helpful (shoutout to Terry for coming and finding my dishwasher within an hour of putting in a maintenance request!)
Hi Danielle,
Thank you for the wonderful review! We're so glad to hear that you've had a … More
Sandy Tran
I am writing a review for the exceptional service I received when visiting the apartment complex. I did not end up choosing this place as my home however, it's a nice complex and the amenities alone were great (2 story gym, pool, BBQ with … More
Thank you so much for your 5-star review. We are happy to hear that you are enjoying our community and our team was able to meet your needs. We strive to make each experience exceptional. Please let us know if we can do anything to further assist you.
Ashley Smith
I love living here. The location is perfect, the complex is clean and well taken care of. Everyone who works here is super kind and helpful. Maintenance is quick and does a great job. I love the community events they have and hope to stay here for years to come!
Hi Ashley,
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're thrilled to hear that you love living … More
胡增宁
I like this appartment because it is vey safe and clean with fantanstic lake view.Staff are friendly and dedicated. They try their best to make residents feel belonged.On mother' day raffel event, I got the pleasant surprise. Haley and … More
Hi there,
We appreciate your feedback. Please let us know if there is anything we can do to turn your 4-star review into a 5-star review! … More
Abdulaziz Alaqeel
I lived in Tempe for more than four years in three different places.
This is the worst place with the worst experience. … More
Hi Abdulaziz,
Thank you for your detailed feedback. We're sorry to hear about your experience … More
Jakob W. Plummer
I was here for a short term corporate stay, so this place was pretty good. I had a bad mattress at the start but they willingly replaced with a firmer mattress. … More
0:100:12
Jakob, we are pleased to receive your positive rating and your great comments about our helpful team and fantastic pool! We have also made note of the maintenance concerns you mentioned, and we are looking into those for the benefit of our … More
Andrea Verdoza
Skywater at Town Lake is a beautiful community! Andre was incredibly helpful in showing me options close to my price range. Even though there wasn’t availability for my move-in timeframe, he went above and beyond by checking nearby sister … More
Hi Andrea,
Thank you for your wonderful review! We're glad to hear that Andre provided such … More